Skip to main content Basil Ford of Niagara Falls Call: (716) 693-1400 6980 Niagara Falls Blvd.Niagara Falls, NY 14304 Home New Inventory Used Inventory EV/Hybrid Specials & Finance Service About I'm interested in New479 Results Any Year Any Make Any Body Style Any Mileage All Filters Search Welcome to Basil Ford of Niagara Falls New Inventory Used Inventory Get Pre-Approved Value Your Trade Schedule Service Shop New View All Inventory Welcome to Basil Ford of Niagara Falls! Here at Basil Ford of Niagara Falls, our commitment to exceptional customer service ensures a remarkable dealership experience -- whether you're looking to buy a new Ford truck or simply get an oil change.

As part of Basil Family Dealerships, we offer a comprehensive selection of new and used Ford vehicles, all at competitive prices.

Visit our Ford dealership in Niagara Falls today and discover the Basil Difference! New & Used Ford Sales Near Me Are you looking for a new Ford truck, SUV or EV in Niagara Falls? At our local Ford dealer, we feature a vast selection of the latest Ford models, including popular options like the Ford F-150, Escape, Bronco and Mustang Mach-E.

We also offer various high-quality used cars for sale in Western NY from different makes and models, making it easy for you to find something you love in our selection.

Ford Financing in Western New York Our dedicated auto finance team at Basil Ford of Niagara Falls is here to assist you with all your car financing needs.

We work with reputable lenders to offer a range of competitive auto loan rates and Ford lease options tailored to your budget.

Take advantage of our new Ford specials for added savings on your next vehicle purchase, or ask about our used car incentives.

Whether buying or leasing, the Basil Ford of Niagara Falls finance experts are here to guide you every step of the way.

Certified Ford Service in Niagara Falls Keep your Ford running smoothly with certified Ford service in Western NY.

Our experienced, factory-trained technicians use state-of-the-art equipment and OEM Ford parts to maintain your vehicle's performance and reliability.

From routine maintenance like Explorer oil changes and Ranger tire rotations to more complex engine repairs, we've got you covered.

Take advantage of our free Ford Pickup & Delivery™ service within 20 miles or our convenient mobile service van for convenient car maintenance brought directly to you.

Visit Basil Ford of Niagara Falls Whether you're visiting from Grand Island, North Tonawanda or another neighboring community, you'll find that Basil Ford of Niagara Falls is committed to serving all your automotive needs.

Our dealership is conveniently located at 6980 Niagara Falls Blvd in Niagara Falls.

Stop by today and experience the exceptional service that sets us apart from the rest -- that's the Basil Difference! Get in Touch Contact Our Sales Department (716) 693-1400 Monday 9am-7pm Tuesday 9am-7pm Wednesday 9am-6pm Thursday 9am-7pm Friday 9am-6pm Saturday 9am-5pm See All Department Hours Visit us at: 6980 Niagara Falls Blvd.

Niagara Falls, NY 14304 Loading Map...

Although every reasonable effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information contained on this site, absolute accuracy cannot be guaranteed.

This site, and all information and materials appearing on it, are presented to the user "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied.

All vehicles are subject to prior sale.

Prices include all costs to be paid by a consumer, except for licensing costs, registration fees, and taxes.

‡Vehicles shown at different locations are not currently in our inventory (Not in Stock) but can be made available to you at our location within a reasonable date from the time of your request, not to exceed one week.

Sitemap Privacy View Additional Disclosures.
