Skip to main content Call: (716) 693-1400 6980 Niagara Falls Blvd.Niagara Falls, NY 14304 Home New Inventory Used Inventory EV/Hybrid Specials & Finance Service About New Ford for Sale in Niagara Falls, NY Sort by Sort by Mileage: Low to High When you visit Basil Ford of Niagara Falls, you'll find an extensive selection of new Ford vehicles designed to suit any lifestyle and budget.

Our inventory includes popular models like the Ford F-150 truck, Bronco Sport crossover, Escape Hybrid and much more, offering you a variety of options to choose from.

Whether you're looking for a versatile Explorer SUV, a powerful Super Duty® truck or an all-electric Mustang Mach-E model, our Ford sales team is here to help you find the perfect match.

Don't forget to check out our new Ford specials for incredible offers on your next vehicle purchase.

Visit our Ford dealership in Niagara Falls today and drive home in a new Ford! While most open recalls are repaired prior to delivery, we cannot guarantee a recall-free vehicle.

We encourage customers to check the most recent status of a vehicle prior to purchase-website provided by NHTSA.

Basil Pledge: We'll beat any competitor's deal or it's free.* *Based on competition's advertised price.

New vehicles only.

See dealer for details.

Although every reasonable effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information contained on this site, absolute accuracy cannot be guaranteed.

This site, and all information and materials appearing on it, are presented to the user "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied.

All vehicles are subject to prior sale.

Prices include all costs to be paid by a consumer, except for licensing costs, registration fees, and taxes.

‡Vehicles shown at different locations are not currently in our inventory (Not in Stock) but can be made available to you at our location within a reasonable date from the time of your request, not to exceed one week.

Sitemap Privacy View Additional Disclosures.
