Skip to main content Call: (716) 693-1400 6980 Niagara Falls Blvd.Niagara Falls, NY 14304 Home New Inventory Used Inventory EV/Hybrid Specials & Finance Service About Buy a Used Ford in Niagara Falls, NY Sort by Sort by Mileage: Low to High Discover a wide variety of high-quality used cars, trucks and SUVs at Basil Ford of Niagara Falls.

Our pre-owned inventory features popular Ford models like the F-150 truck, Escape crossover and Explorer SUV, as well as used cars from other reputable brands.

We're known for our selection of used Ford vehicles in great condition, so come by our Ford dealership in Niagara Falls to compare prices! Our team is dedicated to helping you find the perfect used Ford truck, EV or SUV that fits your needs and budget.

Be sure to check out our used car specials for additional savings while you're here.

Visit us today and discover our pre-owned Ford selection! While most open recalls are repaired prior to delivery, we cannot guarantee a recall-free vehicle.

We encourage customers to check the most recent status of a vehicle prior to purchase-website provided by NHTSA.

Free oil changes for life^ ^All diesel & luxury vehicles are excluded from our free oil change program.

Used vehicles only.

Excludes vehicles with over 80,000 miles.

Although every reasonable effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information contained on this site, absolute accuracy cannot be guaranteed.

This site, and all information and materials appearing on it, are presented to the user "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied.

All vehicles are subject to prior sale.

Prices include all costs to be paid by a consumer, except for licensing costs, registration fees, and taxes.

‡Vehicles shown at different locations are not currently in our inventory (Not in Stock) but can be made available to you at our location within a reasonable date from the time of your request, not to exceed one week.

Sitemap Privacy View Additional Disclosures.
