Skip to main content Basil Ford CALL OR TEXT: (716) 893-1000 1540 Walden AveCheektowaga, NY 14225 New Inventory Used Inventory Hybrid/EVs Commercial Truck Inventory Managers Specials Finance & Warranty Service Your Vehicle Certified Collision Center About Our Dealership Welcome to Basil Ford I'm interested in New479 Results Any Year Any Make Any Body Style Any Mileage All Filters Search Shop New View All Inventory Welcome to Basil Ford in Cheektowaga, NY Start an exciting new chapter in your automotive journey with the friendly team at Basil Ford.

Whether you're shopping for your first car or bringing one back for maintenance, you can always rest easy knowing the team at our Cheektowaga Ford dealer has your best interests at heart.

Start shopping online from home or visit in person to meet with our team and get the process going! From details on upcoming Ford EVs and charging options to our special auto financing programs, we'll guide you through everything you need to know here at Basil Ford.

We're committed to building a lasting relationship over a one-time sale, so please let us know how we can best assist you! New & Used Ford Vehicles for Sale Nearby Check out the extensive selection of new Ford trucks, cars, SUV, hybrids and EVs for sale at Basil Ford and you'll be amazed at all the possibilities.

Looking for the right new Ford F-150 model or Ford commercial vehicle? Want to buy a new Ford Escape SUV or lease a Mustang Mach-E electric vehicle? The options are endless when you work with the Ford finance and sales specialists at our local car dealer.

If you're hoping to find used Ford sales or other pre-owned vehicles in your budget, then you're in luck as we have something for everyone.

From pre-owned car financing and Ford custom orders to hassle-free EV sales, you can find exactly what you're looking for here at Basil Ford! Ford Service & Parts in Cheektowaga, New York Whether it's routine car maintenance or complex EV repairs, the team at the Basil Ford service center can handle it all.

We're your source for all things Ford, including truck repairs, commercial vehicle service and everything else you can think of.

Just schedule Ford service online now or contact us if you have questions.

We may even have auto service specials that can make your next trip that much more affordable, so make sure to check often! The Basil Ford parts center is also a trusted source for high-quality auto parts and genuine Ford accessories.

You can purchase new tires, order truck accessories and more all right here at our Cheektowaga auto parts store -- just shop online or visit in person today for all of your OEM Ford parts needs! Western New York Ford Dealerships Near Me For a local car dealership with positive reviews that you can always count on, trust none other than Basil Ford.

We're dedicated to ensuring you enjoy the life of your vehicle, so reach out if you have any questions.

You can also get directions to Basil Ford and visit at your earliest convenience, as we're always happy to greet you with a smile and provide answers to your questions! Visit us at: 1540 Walden Ave Cheektowaga, NY 14225 Loading Map...

Get in Touch Contact our Sales Department at (716) 893-1000 Monday 9am-7pm Tuesday 9am-7pm Wednesday 9am-6pm Thursday 9am-7pm Friday 9am-6pm Saturday 9am-5pm Sunday Closed See All Department Hours Although every reasonable effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information contained on this site, absolute accuracy cannot be guaranteed.

This site, and all information and materials appearing on it, are presented to the user "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied.

All vehicles are subject to prior sale.

Prices include all costs to be paid by a consumer, except for licensing costs, registration fees, and taxes.

‡Vehicles shown at different locations are not currently in our inventory (Not in Stock) but can be made available to you at our location within a reasonable date from the time of your request, not to exceed one week.

Sitemap Privacy View Additional Disclosures.
