Skip to main content CALL OR TEXT: (716) 893-1000 1540 Walden AveCheektowaga, NY 14225 New Inventory Used Inventory Hybrid/EVs Commercial Truck Inventory Managers Specials Finance & Warranty Service Your Vehicle Certified Collision Center About Our Dealership New Ford Vehicles in Cheektowaga, NY F-150 66 2026 468 4WD 400 Gasoline 304 Automatic 451 XLT 49 Heated Seats 285 FX4 Off-Road Package 18 Explorer 75 AWD 53 3rd Row Seat 81 Hybrid 23 479 Vehicles Sort by Sort by Year: Old to New Year: New To Old Price: Low to High Price: High to Low MPG HIGHWAY: Low to High MPG HIGHWAY: High to Low MPG CITY: Low to High MPG CITY: High to Low Location Body Style Model Year Trim Price EPA-Est Hwy MPG6 EPA-Est City MPG6 Exterior Color Interior Color Engine Transmission Drive Line Packages Courtesy Vehicles Features Fuel Type All Fuel Types Diesel﻿23 Flexible﻿8 Gasoline﻿304 Hybrid﻿23 Other﻿121 About EV Types (Electric & Hybrids) Monthly Payment Calculator Apply for Financing New Ford Models For Sale in Cheektowaga Upgrade all the time you spend on the road by making a new Ford truck, SUV, hybrid or EV for sale your next pick.

From versatile new Ford Escape and Explorer models to powerful F-150 pickups and Super Duty® trucks, you can find exactly what you're searching for here at our Ford dealer in Cheektowaga.

Want to compare Ford Bronco vs.

Bronco Sport models or check out new Ford commercial vehicles? We have you covered.

Whether you want to place a Ford custom order or reserve a new Ford electric car for sale in our inventory, the options are endless here at Basil Ford.

Shop online or visit in person to choose a new Ford in Western New York! Although every reasonable effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information contained on this site, absolute accuracy cannot be guaranteed.

This site, and all information and materials appearing on it, are presented to the user "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied.

All vehicles are subject to prior sale.

Prices include all costs to be paid by a consumer, except for licensing costs, registration fees, and taxes.

‡Vehicles shown at different locations are not currently in our inventory (Not in Stock) but can be made available to you at our location within a reasonable date from the time of your request, not to exceed one week.

Sitemap Privacy View Additional Disclosures.
